# slider-evaluation-tool
The slider is a screen-based tool combined with a haptic device that was created to continuously measure the variability of a process intensity while observing a video-recorded interaction. 

It is a tool that combines a computer interface with a Phidget®[9] slider,(also called linear sensor or potentiometer) which measures the movement of an object within two points and transforms it into an electric signal that ranges from 0 to 1. The slider is connected to a Phidget®[9] VINT Hub that allows the analogue information to be stored and relayed digitally onto a computer as an output. The interface was programmed using Python. 

The interface allows users to select a desired video(s) as well as inputting demographic data from user. Before starting the recording, the program has a "Calibrate" button, to check if there is an input from the slider, while showing how the intensity shifts from one end to the other of the slider, depending of the direction the user will move it: ranging from 0-100% left to right. Once the device has been calibrated and the video is chosen, the interface synchronises the data recording from the slider with the beginning of the video. The video will run full without pausing, intentionally to emulate a real-world observation time pressure. Once the video has finished, a screen asks users to create an overall score for the intensity perceived throughout the video and any additional feedback the user may have. A csv file is then auto-saved as an output for each video observed, which includes the video time stamp and the corresponding measure from the slider for each time stamp, as well as the overall score and notes given at the end. This output facilitates subsequent analysis of the data using common packages.

Authors: Alexia Revueltas-Roux & David J McClure
